Fix missing dependency (#91)
HiDeoo/starlight-links-validator: .changeset/gorgeous-plums-sleep.md

---
'starlight-links-validator': patch
---

> Add `mdast-util-mdx-jsx` as a dependency to prevent issues in monorepos with hoisting disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Moves `mdast-util-mdx-jsx` package to non-dev dependencies to prevent issues in monorepos with hoisting disabled.
```
